whoo that was a lot so let's do quick
Q&A break Mon - the Inka asked a lot of
great questions I'm assuming your name
is Monica so did you take any formal
photography classes do you think I could
benefit from taking classes or just by
learning as I go
I am currently 20 years old and video is
something that I have been interested in
all throughout high school I was a dork
who would always you know be making like
rap videos for projects new baby mood
changes with the story from Papeete
Imagi said they glad to sound baby but I
didn't get serious about this stuff up
until like maybe two years ago and
that's when I really just started
soaking in a lot of information not just
soaking in information but I was also
constantly going you know outside my
bedroom and like really practicing and
something that helped me was just the
Internet I was constantly searching
tutorials and stuff on YouTube I was
constantly asking my friends for help
something that helped me is I've been
really involved in my church for a long
time and there's a lot of creative
people there so if I was there you know
playing in the band or doing something
else
if there was a person that you know I
was connected to that had something to
do this video or photo I'd be constantly
have some questions and you know I get
the phone number I would reach out to
them every chance I got and so it was
really just going out to the real world
taking video pictures but then when I
had questions you know go to internet
for answers if that didn't help just
find you know creative people that are
ahead of me in the field that could help
me I've been very blessed to be a part
of a church that is just super creative
and it's always doing awesome stuff so
I've been able to kind of hop into that
full force and you know learn as I go
and become more experienced as I work on
projects and things so whatever that
looks like in your life for this church
whether it's like an organization
you know maybe a group that you're
involved in I guess the the main thing
is just don't stop creating just keep
creating keep asking questions and keep
getting better so no I've never taken
any formal classes if that is really
your only option you know you don't have
a lot of people around you that can help
you out maybe you know formal classes
are something that are for you but I
think there's a lot of answers out there
on the Internet our photography and
videography hobbies or are you looking
to make a career out of them what is
your dream job you know I love photo and
video and it'd be awesome if I could
make a job out of it I really don't know
what the future holds it's really
exciting but I'm just gonna keep
creating and see what happens my college
major is computer science so I'm a
programmer geek so hopefully I can kind
of combine all my skills and the real
dream is to kind of be my own boss for
the rest of life you know I have some
business ideas and that would be really
cool to be able to pursue in the future
but if that doesn't work out I really
like Adobe the company Adobe I love the
stuff they're putting out I love their
company Behance we love to work for
Behance but yeah so that probably my
dream job is being my own boss for this
life but I did other companies too so
we'll see and her last question is just
kind of about the music that I put in my
videos I am obsessed with music and
music was kind of my gateway into the
creative world I play guitar for ten
years and so I've always been super
obsessed with music I am constantly
finding new music I'm like SoundCloud
Spotify basically it's just having
friends with good taste in music it's by
spending hours on sound column just kind
of searching out different artists and
stuff and then there's a lot of good
YouTube channels my favorite YouTube
channel for music is majestic casual I
freaking love that YouTube channel they
are amazing curators
and check it out because it's amazing so
briefly and I'm going to talk about
visiting Iceland as a tourist I went
with me and a friend and then two other
friends met up halfway through the trip
but we went at the end of May it's the
beginning of summer for them so I didn't
expect it to be as cold as it was but we
started our trip up in the north and it
was actually freezing so maybe don't
underestimate how cold it can be even in
the summer it is called Iceland South
Iceland was absolutely beautiful you
have towns like Vik but stuff like that
but I think the West forwards are super
underestimated it's not very populated
but the scenery up there was insane like
it blew my mind so if you have a chance
to go to Iceland
maybe fit that into your schedule it's
like you will not regret it
Finn Clark ask how did you find a good
place to stay also how did you decide on
where to hire a car from we did the
expensive route we basically got hotels
and Airbnb for it we went so we stayed
in very nice places but at the end of
the day it was pretty expensive
you know we rented a car from rent-a-car
Reykjavik basically all the different
places to rent a car are right outside
the airport when you get there we
actually had some car trouble my story
short I ended up on the side of the road
without a working car and it was like
12:30 at night and they were
accommodating and they really helped me
out and usually I wouldn't trust a
company that uses like freakin Comic
Sans in their graphic that usually just
means they lose all credibility in my
book but it actually really worked out
well we got a sick for more Jeep it was
awesome when you go to Iceland you have
to get a sick heart right yeah we got
for our Jeep it worked wonderfully the
entire time the car trouble the last
night was my fault and
wasn't their fault but yeah wrench car
Reykjavik was awesome but I'm sure all
the other places are great as well be
tips I do have when dealing with money
in Iceland they accept plastic pretty
much everywhere so your credit card is
fine but when dealing with gas you have
to have a PIN number for your credit
card usually on the states you just have
to deal with PIN numbers when doing
debit cards but you have to set up a PIN
number on your credit card before you go
over there that is super important and
also have a GPS when you are there but
do not trust it blindly
and this Garmin GPS is are great from
getting you to town to town when dealing
with waterfalls and you know things like
that it is best to kind of research
before you go and get actual like
directions that you can follow so you
don't end up and completely round the
place because you don't want to waste
time when you're in Iceland our GPS led
us to some strange places occasionally
and before you go just make sure you
have the places you want to go laid out
so you don't have to waste time when
you're there kind of figuring out where
you want to go there's a lot of awesome
things to see a lot of amazing towns and
if you you know prepare before you will
have a freaking awesome time I had a
blast I hope you enjoyed this video hit
that like and subscribe button and check
out all of my iceland stuff down in a
description below I will link up all the
videos linked up all the blog posts and
pictures next week I will be putting out
the trailer for creative spaces TV I am
so excited for that so be on the lookout
for that creative spaces TV it's just a
little mini docu-series thing I'm
starting on my channel in the month of
August it's a fun series of videos that
is kind of like a behind the scenes look
of a creative whether it's a filmmaker
or a photographer or a audio engineer
it'll be lots of fun I hope you enjoy it
so keep a lookout for that follow me on
Instagram hit up all my social links
down below I hope you have a great day
I'll see you next video
bye guys I brought lots of camera
equipment
I brought my Sony rx100 mark 3 for a lot
of my vlogging stuff and then I brought
my Canon 5d Mark 3 for